Oh traditionally like flash was and then
never like you know made it all the way
and you know big international
competition so I mean a lot to all of us
so second day of MSI 2018 with coverage
presented by all of you in the YouTube
description I'm joined right now by
maple as well as Max who's gonna help
translators were ramping up today so
flash wolves looking pretty good maple
how's the team feeling right now
awesome and the Trondheim was all about
this young decided exactly juicy
possibilities so I think it's downtown
conditioning or we're pretty good right
now we're on a roll like so hopefully
we'll keep it rolling
what are you guys just feeling great
amazing I mean what's the team are
alecour you calm and thoughtful showing
GG my images and I'm pinguin and and the
one that I thought was a little massage
ha so Joey's a high knee woman agile
sabaha know there's a blonde
cheesy can walk down so before the game
sorry we're just like we're gonna go
aggressive we're gonna go all in
everybody's just gonna take all kinds of
chances and that's why is active every
day so we go we continue to do this now
I was just talking to Joe who before
this and I referenced that it feels like
this tournament everyone keeps talking
about all the ad carries they're talking
about reckless and double lift and pray
and and everybody else why are they not
talking about the mid laners do you feel
like they should be talking about mid
laners more cans multiple lifts are
reckless I was prayin so that I can ad
see that y'all change with more to the
mirror and I can do the mirror and a
tribute to its own roots opinion mmm
song that shadow the shadow has history
conduct our own it was childish it not
only Jews of Judea
so like the past few matters it seems
like you know 80 years probably
the most important positions and I need
all like it get when it gets too late
game so like yeah eighties very
important game and you know for for us
mates we'll just stick to hard working
and not being noticed how do you feel
about them in meta right now are you
happy with it or do you miss your
assassins we were joking about LeBlanc
before this there's a new champion this
year to the young Sasha without order
challenge and I owe that come on Johnny
- yo mingalaba long they say mo mmm Joe
well the fungal Harbor Jabba so I'm
shuffling a Dongwoo by now
sound Lauri the Howard you know I want
you I don't know brother you might show
under so like yeah like playing a
support mate is definitely not my style
so like if I play someone like Zoe it's
actually kind of close to of what a long
case now what do you think of the MSI
group stage taking place here at the EU
LCS studio how do you feel playing here
Tony Jamie side side the you go see as
the b-side on detail New Jersey and she
want to be in the punching whoa man
potala bad just two grand on you know
hello Ching so you all might want a bin
yeah I like it quite well and you know
the defense are really passionate I
really like that what would it mean for
flash wolves to win this event and do
you think they can do it as well in the
MSI disorder be Toyota conjuring enjoy
the term you know I that was my email
mmm thermos or and told my EDI just
coming home teaser to channel the
elements alright today that I don't just
know me without to an all-girl I
think it would mean a lot to all of us
because like traditionally like flash
was and then never like you know made it
all the way and you know big
international competition so I mean a
lot
to all of us anything to say to the fans
out there maple she said my mom-jo and
I'll just shown him and she's had to be
saggy Judy cotton ology Gilman Jo um
thank you for cheering us on and hope
you guys stay tuned and cheer for us
some more thank you so much maple for
the interview the Emacs for translating
for everyone so you can check out the
rest of our coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
I know that these are normally more of a
joke or meme or whatever but I do want
to just give a heartfelt thank you for
supporting my trip over here a lot of
you guys have hit up the patreon page or
the support page and that is kind of
lessening the blow of the costs doing
this I know North America is not doing
too well but I still am really happy
that I'm here and creating all the
different content for you guys a lot of
you maybe are just liking or subscribing
to the channel or just leaving nice
comments and that stuff is actually
really really helpful as well you know
even in a world where you you don't want
to hit up the patreon or the support
page just doing something like that
means a lot to me so thank you so much